hello to you e & k beast today
my tutorial, I'll tell you how
get rid of corrosion on the wheel
arches
what we need to prepare we take
grater
high pressure and water jet
warm or cold no matter but
preferably of course warm
wash all the dirt here
spaces some some particles
mud on the ice they stay dry under
the name of the captivity of this liquid is usually
my engine
allow by the proportion of 50 to 50 with water
didn't take such an ordinary jar from
I'm ready
made holes specially after it becomes
we fill we cover remaining
the surface of this chemistry
let it brew for 5-10 minutes
so that it connector as much as possible and then
also 5 peel to wash off everything turns out
remaining mud tikva
net utility vodka here for now
showed this peak now she is completely
considered prepared
coated
Were you hard to see but there is no dirt
There is nothing here if this device is like
insert them conditions that it will dry
itself for two or three hours on the street
it 's autumn now
high humidity so me
apply the corner gun it dries everything
fully within an hour and a half after
of how we dried and he antigravel
body 950
I am gray because black was not
in the store but it can be unimportant gray
You can cover a jar with black
which is specially made under the gun
it is larger in volume and cheaper in price
there is specifically how to do spray
this deck of cards and went somewhere exactly
we are antigravel under the gun because there
punch this special connector
screw and cover so you can
cover general surface integral
if you see whether she puts with such
thick stratum granulosum to start
represents the pressure on the gun
minimum to be obtained
maximum air flow minimum
feed head and clog small pores then
there are microcracks there for traces
the remaining rust and it covers everything
in such a thin layer then gradually
increase the flow of gravel and such
we cover with a granular film all
wheel arch surface
jars such an average is enough for two
wheels
if you save up enough for four but
save much on this after coverage
two years you have been protected from
corrosion
Now we will show you clearly
example of how i will cover
sh
what
after completion we will spend such
wonderful spray with games that we have
It turned out in the end that's what we have
turned white little arches
on the still scary that they are of such color i
even he shock absorbers dusty levers
know a little bit but then after
first mud
it will become normal color and so
from this side then wear protective clothing
no h press between all rust it
minute arches withdraw and everything will be
fine
let dry
23 hours and you can dress the wheels
the end of the work you need to rinse the gun
pulled him in the bank see that pivot
all gravel so we rub it
you can carefully use our
gloves but if it is dirty therefore
then wash my hands all rubbed now
need to rinse it from the inside
pour in a jar
a little solvent go try
we take it old we allow
Thank you all for your attention with you was bright
beast goodbye and bye